What evidence?
More convincing than a hospital wiretap report
You all know that little sisters have a sweet tooth because they grew up
So there's a cavity in the upper left cistern.
That's why I delayed dentistry.
But I took this opportunity to check Wan Zhen's medical report
His metrics are completely normal
Don't be ridiculous
Could Luo Yuan also pay attention to him?
That means he's my sister
That's not what I meant.
Sorry.
It's really not nonsense without substantive evidence
I know so I took advantage of him to check today
Left his test sample
It has been sent for inspection.
When will there be a result?
Next week at the soonest.
We didn't say yes
Do you want to keep the best things for your little sister?
You're all paranoid right now
How come?
I'm not saying my little sister is bad
But what if you get the wrong person?
Stop arguing
It's our sister anyway